1. Simple Shell Implementation
2a. I selected this project because it seemed like the best project to adequately show what I have learned in this UNIX class. The other projects seemed to have to use C++ or other programming languages. I wanted to keep it to shell scripts and bash more specifically, so anything else was out of question. 
2b. My project is the shell script. This project needs to execute commands such as: is, pwd, and cd. It also needs to have support for piping and redirection. I plan to implemnt job control or background processes if time permits. The main thing is for it to be able to do the first two.
2c. I am trying to solve the problem of not knowing how to run a simple shell script. I can learn about it by doing it in this project. I have no clue how to do it yet, but after I make this report I will read on it while I'm working on it. I usually just do things all at once and don't plan everything 2 weeks in advance, but it's cool. This is the problem and the solution is to do it.
2d. The solution is to use my useful handy-dandy web browser called LibreWolf, because I do not trust Google Chrome, Firefox, Edge, or really anything based in Chromium, to search the web and figure out how to do it. I don't know how to do it. I will probably type in something like "how to add is functionality into shell script bash" into my search bar. I don't know what will pop up, but it might be something cool.
3. (yeehaw)
Week 1: 
	(S) Need to do basic implementation 
	(T) do it 
	(a) doing it? 
	(R) it's done!
Week 2: 
	(S) neeed to add piping and redirection 
	(T) do that 
	(a) im probably doing that 
	(R) it's not done? no wait it is done
Week 3: 
	(S) Need to implement the rest of it
	(T) get apple juice from the store
	(A) implemented the thingy thing
	(R) now the entire thing is done like a bun on a gun run looking like ms. chun


1. What hurdles have you faced so far?
	- Deciding exactly what I wanted to implement into the simple script.
2. How did you solve them?
	- I haven't entirely, but I am thinking about capping what is in there for now.
3. What are your next steps?
	- Try my best, but like double that. [Now it's like 3.82 times that]

(I didn't really know what to add to this)